Prepare 0.11.0 release (#288)
canonical-web-and-design/react-components: CHANGELOG.md

### Removed

# 0.11.0 - 2020-09-23

### Changed

- BUGFIX: The SearchBox styling has been fixed and the component no longer shows up as ForwardRef.
- Vanilla has been updated to 2.19.0.

> - ModularTable has updated the `columns.accessor` prop to be either a string or component.

Reviewer: Technically it's not a component, but a function that calculates the value based on row object.

```suggestion
- ModularTable has updated the `columns.accessor` prop to be either a string or getter function.
```

Author: Ohhh, I see. I'll update.
